The second stage of the company 3 gave the opportunity
clan reveal all your fighting
potential clans target was to capture
as many approaches of the fortress
simultaneously holding the central
province citadel in a battle for fortresses
the best of the best met
they fought wherever there is nowhere
retreat where it was necessary to win
always and the cost of mistakes was very high
in the far east of the Urals and in Asia far
side and eibl and chess stormed
fortresses trying to conquer as you can
greater glory of the main points of clan
the battle took place on the northern fortresses
Europe, Africa and the Mediterranean in
each of the leaders had their own strategy
which allowed them to perform better
Another leader of a nod to feed
strategically outplayed rivals
stripped on the stack according to the following principle 4
The clan left for the conquest
fortress due
working glory points and two remaining
stack on held on blocking rivals
grabbing and holding citadels food
deprived rivals of the opportunity to earn
maximum clan points
fame such tactics allowed the clan
confidently lead the clans stage
go back bet on europe
although a few stacks sent others
regions to get fame points on
several fortresses at once main
the purpose of the plans was to keep first place and
try to break away from his pursuers
which led to such an aggressive
tactics spidea didn't look back on
competitor actions and played
most aggressively and with maximum
ambitions but unfortunately some are not
game complexity is not allowed to clone in
fully implement your strategy
clan end was initially chosen fortress
with a large number of approaches when choosing
fortress to attack the clan did not look at
action rivals and tried to play
The first number 1 fortress managed to take
pretty easy to beat the composition along the way
main clan
for the right of you face next to the shepherds
the fortress of the citadel of which was
Kiev region
appearance of the following fortress and clan
decided to stay in his prime
despite the fact that the clan was highlighted nearby
tank mania
the ends managed to break in difficult battles
rival resistance and take everything
approaches except one in general and so
turned out uncompromising in terms of heat
Fight Leader Stage and Company Clans
feed and spide
during the two stages managed away
bypass all rivals and most likely for
Campaign Place
will unfold between these two clans
for the remaining clones it remains to find out
who of them will be able to take an honorary
third place